[Music]
hi humans
my name's Bella and I'm assuming that's
right
I'm and today I'm sending a message on
behalf of all my fellow felines can you
hear me making low-pitched meowing
noises hissing on growling see how my
tail flickers back and forth
my ears are flat against the sides of my
head
and look at how I arch my back upwards
we do not want to be touched and we're
sending all the right signals to show
that we're not happy oh you want to know
why there are plenty of things that
annoy me and they include brushing some
cats are okay with a nightmare you
humans refer to as brushing these are
typically cats as humans train them to
tolerate brush but most felines
including me will try to flee as soon as
they see this torture device if you try
to hold us down we'll just struggle and
squirm in an attempt to get away
we might even accidentally scratch or
bite you sorry about that but consider
yourself warned staring competitions
please stop engaging in staring matches
with me when you do this I take it as
you expressing your dominance and you
know what I'm a cat and I pay to be
dominated so don't be surprised if I
start hissing or even attack
the cold yeah we might have our own
beautiful fur coat but that doesn't mean
we like winter or that we're immune to
the cold the main purpose of my coat
isn't to protect me from snow or ice the
thing is my skin is super delicate and
my coat serves as a protection against
heat so please don't leave that window
open when it's freezing outside taking
medications even you humans don't like
taking medicine so why should I
especially when you're trying to shove
pills or liquid medications down mice
and wrote I can't help it get fired up
by the way I'm well aware when you try
to hide medications in my food I
tolerate it because you look so happy
when you think you've managed to trick
me
other cats on my turf I'm a territorial
creature and other cats aren't welcome
to my home to me anybody who isn't a
housemate or relative is competition
from my toys treats food or my human's
attention you can't really expect me to
be nice to a rival now can you bat
please stop trying to bathe us we feel
like are nothing like humans or dogs
we're perfectly capable of grooming
ourselves so there's no need to torture
us with bath time unless you want some
teeth and claws coming your way although
as an Abyssinian I gotta be honest
I actually like water give me a big bowl
of water or a Felton to slash in and
I'll be one happy kitty aggressive when
people pet me way too roughly it's just
too much to deal with and I get
extremely annoyed besides it can trigger
my flight reflex of course you can pet
me every now and then but if you touch
the wrong area on my body I made bite or
scratch you oh yeah and fYI we can't
stand when you put us down the whole
length up you should also keep in mind
that even though I live with you I'm
still a predator so my instincts make me
protect the most vulnerable area of my
Buffy my belly if you try to reach for
my stomach I'll come at you claws a
blade just stick to those head and neck
scratches those are awesome being
ignored you should just accept the fact
that I live according to my schedule not
yours I know when it's time for me to
eat nap and be loved on by my human so
if I notice that you're slacking off I
will let you know
I'll start meowing I'll use my claws to
climb on the earth laughs I'll sit on
your computer's keyboard I'll block your
line of sight and I'll keep head-butting
you until you realize it's time for
cuddles loud noises fireworks
thunderstorms loud arguments all these
things make me credibly anxious unhappy
taking they stress me out and that can
even lead to health problems I can get
skittish aggressive or even depressed
constant commotion and loud noises can
make us cast cold early lose our
appetite and even our hair that's why
you should create a nice quiet
environment for me find me a safe place
until your guests leave or the
thunderstorm is over and please turn
your music down and don't crank up the
TV volume change oh don't even get me
started on how I feel about things that
don't go along with my day-to-day
routine we cats are so unhappy and
stressed out in new places
if you decide to move don't be surprised
to catch me marking the new territory
also it's a very bad idea to take me on
road trips I love my routine I love my
home and I absolutely hate the very
concept of moving vehicles too much
attention there's only so much attention
I want from humans and remember I decide
when and for how long I want to cuddle
sesh
all come up to you meow once or twice
and rub against your leg but if you
start to follow me around impose
yourself on me or pick me up at any time
you feel the need I don't get furious
well as you can see there are a lot of
things that can set me off oh yeah and
if I start looking unhappy out of the
blue then check how it smells in the
room my sense of smell is 14 times
stronger than yours and there are
certain smells most of us
banana you might love the smell of this
fruit but as for me I can't stomach it
if you rub a banana peel on your
favorite armchair
I'll stop having my naps there uh-oh
looks like I've just given away my big
secret
citrus I'm not a fan of all these citrus
smells either limes lemons oranges
tangerines just keep them far away from
me all right I'll be honest if you want
me to stop chewing your houseplants just
spray them with citrus scented water
[Music]
spoiled fish don't get me wrong I love
the smell of fish but as soon as it goes
bad this smell is repulsive for me too I
guess we have something in common here
don't we human the smell of a dirty
litter box I think we've got this in
common too I mean do you like when your
bathroom reeks yeah didn't think so
so don't be surprised if I refuse to go
near a dirty litter box chances are I'll
get ticked and create my own litter box
on your bed couch or those really
expensive jeans you left lying on the
floor well I've revealed some of my pet
peeves to you human now let's tell me
about yours you can write about them in
the comment section down below you can
also give this video a like share it
with your friends and click that
subscribe button to stay on the bright
side of life now
it's nap time see ya
[Music]